Refresh the contributions page, use more community focussed language. (#552)
nitrictech/docs: src/pages/contributions.mdx

# Contributions

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the Nitric community! Nitric is an open-source project, so community contributions help the framework keep improving.

There are some options for getting started below, and we have a team of maintainers working on the framework who would love to connect with you.

## Questions and discussions

Join the conversation about Nitric-related topics in the [Nitric repository on GitHub](https://github.com/nitrictech/nitric). The [Nitric Discord](https://nitric.io/chat) server is also a great place to join the community to discuss features, report issues, and connect with other Nitric users and contributors.

## Create a bug report or feature request

Your feedback and ideas are incredibly helpful to keep improving Nitric. If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for new features, please create a [bug report](https://github.com/nitrictech/nitric/issues) or submit a [feature request](https://github.com/nitrictech/nitric/issues/new?template=feature_request.md).

> For detailed instructions on reporting bugs, refer to the [Creating Bug Reports guide](https://github.com/nitrictech/nitric/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#bug-reports).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed instructions on reporting bugs, refer to the [Creating Bug Reports guide](/support#bug-reports).
```
